emJSON Overview
===============

_emJSON is a fast and memory efficient JSON library for embedded systems, written in C99_

There are two libraries in this project:
* `json.h`: Low-level JSON library that does not use dynamic memory allocation (e.g. malloc().)
* `emJSON.h` : Easy-to-use JSON library that is built open json.h functions and makes use of dynamic memory allocation.

Features & TODOs
----------------

* [x] Easy to use.
* [x] Fast and efficient hash map algorithm.
* [x] Minimized use of memory and memory fragmentation using only a single buffer.
* [x] No use of malloc() (json.h only)
* [x] No extra library dependencies. (Only C standard libraries used.)
* [x] Only need to include a single file (emJSON.h or json.h)
* [x] JSON encoding
* [x] JSON decoding
* [x] Support for 8 bit CPU (such as AVR)
* [ ] No sprintf(), sscanf().
* [ ] Merge functions
* [ ] Thread-safe
* [ ] Data alignment
* [x] Support String type
* [x] Support Integer type
* [x] Support Number type (floating point)
* [ ] Support object type
* [ ] Support Boolean literals (true, false)
* [ ] Support Null literal (null)
* [ ] Support array type

Simple Examples
---------------

See [project's README](https://github.com/kbumsik/emJSON).


Supported Devices
-----------------

See [project's README](https://github.com/kbumsik/emJSON).

Limitations
-----------

### Common
* The format of JSON should be correct. Otherwise, the code will break.
* No comment in JSON allowed.


### json.h specific

Because it does not use dynamic memory allocations there are several limitation:

* buffer should be big enough that it does not have overflow or `json_replace_buffer()` to move to a bigger buffer.
* json entry size is not auto-resizable. Therefore use big enough json entry table, or `json_double_table()` to move to a bigger table.
* The json entry size SHOULD be a power of 2. (e.g. 2, 4, 8, 16...)
* Buffer size of string value is a multiple of 8. If you change string value over than string buffer size, run `json_remove()` then `json_insert()`.
